THE START IS WHAT STOPS MOST PEOPLE
A JOURNEY OF THOUSAND MILES STARTS WITH A SINGLE STEP

Phd Direction (TINY GRIT)


1. Identify your strengths and weakness
2. Identify options to overcome your weakness
3. Tiny GRIT to implement small tasks of identified options to overcome the starting trouble
4. Identify tools and tips to achieve it better
5. Have a proper research initiation plan



1. Identify your strengths and weakness (SWOT)
    1. Strengths
        1. GRIT
        2. Contacts
        3. Technology 
    2. Weakness
        1. No academic research background
        2. Lot of unlearning required to start with
        3. Not yet developed skill to efficiently search and filter research papers 
        4. Not yet developed skill to quick read, understand or evaluate  a research paper 
        5. No standard literature review process adopted yet 
        6. Not yet finalised a direction for research
        7. Reading literature is not in habit loop 
        8. Doesn’t have focus on Research yet
    3. Opportunity
        1. Faculty’s in Amrita
        2. Company to test with
    4. Threat
        1. Work Pressure
        2. TIme 

2. Identify options to overcome your weakness

        1. No academic research background : 
            1. Maximum utilize the Coursework period in campus to network and collect information on unknown in academics
            2. Note down all the dump questions on academics and try to seek its answers
            3. Identify tools that help you overcome your weakness
        2. Lot of unlearning required to start with
            1. Keep a growth mindset and be ready to learn new things without priming with existing knowledge
            2. Spend more time with people who could break your echo chambers

        3. Not yet developed skill to efficiently search and filter research papers 
            1. Seek out tips for improving the skill
            2. Practice and note down more tips
            3. Get familiar with the different tools and resources available
            4. Understand the difference between those types of articles 
        4. Not yet developed skill to quick read, understand or evaluate  a research paper
            1. Daily time allocation for reading
            2. Adding tiny grit tasks for building a habit of reading 
        5. No standard literature review process adopted yet 
            1. Start with the literature review xls provided by Ekta
            2. Collect maximum resources and organise it in Mendeley
        6. Not yet finalised a direction for research
            1. Explore the tools and research resource available to understand the Employee Engagement trajectory
            2. Note down the problem statements
            3. Come up multiple questions
        7. Reading literature is not in habit loop
            1. Subscribe and Follow journals of interest
            2. Specific time allocation for reading research papers
            3.  Tiny Grit to do daily reading and writing
        8. Doesn’t have focus on Research yet
            1. First identify the trajectory 
            2. Gain better understanding on the trajectory
            3. Enjoy the process by applying game mechanics
            4. Keep connected with mentors
            5. Identify opportunities to be with scholars
            6. Identify people to follow
            7. Keep on reading despite of understating the papers
            8. Slowly get on track and gain focus

3. Tiny GRIT to implement small tasks of identified options to overcome the starting trouble
	1. Read minimum 1 paper a day and add it to xls sheet

4. Identify tools and tips to achieve it better

	1. Journals to follow

https://www.scimagojr.com/ Scorpus
SCIMAGO

https://www.annualreviews.org/journal/psych


1. Read
2. Get a standard literature review process to follows


Can publish on Policy, Engineering, HRM


1. Read
2. Read
3. Read


	
3. Tiny GRIT to implement small tasks of identified options to overcome the starting trouble
4. Identify tools and tips to achieve it better
5. Have a proper research initiation plan




Worksheet

Tools for Data
1. ML model from Glassdoor Analytics


How gamification and performance based work place flexibility impacts productive contribution of Generation Y programmers in a product company.

MANY TIMES LIFE’S FAILURES ARE PEOPLE WHO DOESN’T REALISE HOW CLOSE THEY ARE TO SUCCESS WHEN THEY REALLY QUIT

